hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a fantasy action film: "Dororo"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in a Japanese winehouse, guests are drinking to their heart's content
while watching a dance performance
all of a sudden, a man jumps onto the stage and cuts off the lead dancer's facial mask
when the mask is torn off
everyone is shocked to discover that the dancer is a huge spider
the intrusion certainly throws the guests into turmoil
and all of them evacuate the winehouse in terror
the man removes his arm and brings out a hidden blade to slash the spider
the spider in turn, pierces through the man's body, but he is not injured at all
surprisingly, his wound heals in an instant
in the end, he kills the spider monster and his leg grows back from his own body
this mysterious man is a rÅnin named Hyakkimaru
20 years ago, his father the King, made a deal with the 48 demons
so as to gain prosperity and rule over his land
his deal was sealed at the expense of his firstborn son Hyakkimaru
as his wife was giving birth, demons fed on each body part of the son
leaving the son without skin, ears, noses, eyes, or limbs
however, with a bit of luck on his side
the abandoned child was eventually found by a master medicine man
who was frantic about regeneration
so he fully applied his knowledge to healing the poor boy Hyakkimaru
he first collected the remains of babies who had died in the war
after a series of processing
he fixed the artificial limbs and organs on Hyakkimaru to build him a new body
as Hyakkimaru grew up, the master had taught him martial arts
and attached two short blades to his arms
years later, before the master passed away, he revealed Hyakkimaru's origin
ever since then, Hyakkimaru has decided to hunt down the demons
so as to claim all his lost organs back
whenever Hyakkimaru manages to kill a demon, he will restore one of his lost organs
since most of his physical parts are crafted by healing magic
Hyakkimaru is invincible to any mortal blow
on the same day after Hyakkimaru defeats the spider
he runs into Dororo, a young orphaned female thief
Dororo has heard of Hyakkimaru's story through a kungfu musician
in fact, the two blades hidden in his arms are gifted by the musician
fascinated by the legend, Dororo has made up her mind to follow him in the hunt for demons
Hyakkimaru however, prefers to be alone, so he repeatedly warns Dororo not to glue to him
to his dismay, no matter how he drives Dororo away, she insists to remain by his side
on the way, an ugly giant fat baby appears before them out of nowhere
and leads them to a nunnery nearby
it turns out the giant fat baby is formed by spirits of multiple dead babies
while Hyakkimaru and Dororo are taking a short break in the nunnery
a couple have come to visit the place
in a world where war has ravaged every village in the area
and famine, sickness, and natural disaster have become the norm
many parents struggling to make their ends meet have no choice
but send their children to the nunnery
however, no one expects that one day
a tragic fire would take away the lives of all the nuns and children
so the parents often visit the nunnery to offer their condolences and ask for forgiveness
hearing their confession, Dororo criticizes the selfish parents for abandoning their children
but actually, poverty rules out other choices for them
as Hyakkimaru and Dororo continue with their journey, they meet a tycoon of the village
when the tycoon learns that they are travelers, he generously invites them for a stayover
Dororo looks forward to stealing some treasures from the rich man
so she accepts the invitation right away
one thing amazing is that the tycoon has ten daughters who look identical from head to toe
that night, Hyakkimaru and Dororo are getting ready to rest after meals
not knowing that some dark and scary secrets are awaiting them
actually, the ten daughters are not human beings but man-eating worms
right now, the worms are discussing which guest they should consume first
shortly after, they wriggle to the guest room, prepared to start their feast
Hyakkimaru is so alert that he kills all the beasts in a flash
when Dororo wakes up, the ten monsters all have died
at this time, the giant fat baby pops up in the court and points in a certain direction
Dororo and Hyakkimaru follow his instruction to a study room
where a hidden underpass is found
walking through the underpass, they see many skeletons and remains of the dead
more and more bones appear until they reach the nunnery destroyed by fire
now that they realize those children did not die of fire
rather, they are eaten up by the worms of the tycoon
Hyakkimaru speculates that the tycoon's wife must be a dark witch
and her food supply just comes from the nunnery
Dororo gathers the villagers to expose the tycoon
while Hyakkimaru returns to the tycoon's house to deal with them
at first, Hyakkimaru is hoping that the couple will repent from their evil acts
but tycoon refuses to admit his wrongs
even though the tycoon loves the wife so much that he even risks his life to protect her
the dark witch does not return the same favor
she tries to kill Hyakkimaru and her husband together with one deadly shot
the sword goes through the two bodies and the tycoon dies in blood
Hyakkimaru comes up unscathed to tackle the witch
she transforms herself into a huge but sexy moth
with her wings studded by horrifying eyes though
as Hyakkimaru gains the upper hand, the witch wants to fly away
luckily, the giant fat baby arrives in time to drag the moth down
so Hyakkimaru takes the chance and steps forward to slay her immediately
right after the witch dies, all the children devoured by her enter the reincarnation
and Hyakkimaru earns a new organ
sadly, the villagers who have witnessed Hyakkimaru's transformation regard him as a monster
and drive them away with fear
having gone through the ups and downs together
the two have forged comradeship to fight whoever blocks their way
the first enemy they are faced is the peach monster
the monster has a head like that of a man and a body consisting of roots
once its mouth drops open, peach flowers are scattered everywhere
Dororo cannot do anything to such a monster except staying aside to enjoy the battle view
after the peach beast is wiped out, Hyakkimaru gains back his ears
soon, they are confronted by another monster Godzilla
when Dororo finally manages to offer some assistance
she cuts Godzilla's throat, and in return, Hyakkimaru gets back his own throat
encouraged by the multiple victories, Hyakkimaru becomes bolder in the demon hunt
as such, he easily eradicates an eagle demon and claims back his own hand
when they are at the borders, Dororo tells Hyakkimaru about her own story
a few years ago, her hometown was trampled down by King's army
her own father was killed in the war, and her mom was frozen to death
Dororo lives on the mission to murder King
shortly after, they have entered King's land
Hyakkimaru alone visits a winehouse to get some food and a break
suddenly a gang of robbers break into the wine house
while most of the guests flee the scene
Hyakkimaru remains on his seat with absolute composure
one of the robbers challenges Hyakkimaru but receives a hard blow
thanks to the blow job, the Prince in the winehouse notices his excellent martial skills
therefore, Prince intends to hire Hyakkimaru to work for him
out of curiosity, Hyakkimaru follows Prince to the palace
while they tour around the palace, they meet the Queen
who is shocked to see Hyakkimaru's clothes
Queen recognizes that he is the very son she abandoned twenty years ago
Queen cannot wait to tell Hyakkimaru their relationship
as soon as Hyakkimaru touches the Queen's hand, the past vividly replays in his mind
but the fact that Queen setting him adrift breaks his heart
he has been searching for his origin all his life
but the truth has thrown him into torment and confusion
while Hyakkimaru immerses himself in shock and sorrow
Dororo tries to comfort him
however, Hyakkimaru reveals that her enemy is no one else but his own father
overcome by her grief and hatred, Dororo surprises Hyakkimaru with a stab
as usual, Hyakkimaru is not wounded at all
empathizing with Dororo's pains, Hyakkimaru calmly accepts whatever she says and does
then the two of them part their ways
but Dororo returns to Hyakkimaru after some careful consideration
she asks Hyakkimaru to let go of his own grudges to start anew
her words have moved the heart of Hyakkimaru
on the other hand, Queen wishes to see Hyakkimaru again
but her plan is always disrupted by the Prince
to retain his existing power and privileges as the one and only prince
Prince deceides to go kill Hyakkimaru
Queen is heartbroken to learn of his ambition, but she can do nothing to stop him
in the meantime, the devil misleads King to think that Hyakkimaru's presence
hinders him from ruling the land
the devil adds that everything will be restored when Hyakkimaru dies
King buys all the lies from the devil and prepares to assassinate Hyakkimaru
when King is on his way, Prince and his soldiers have come to confront Hyakkimaru
previously Hyakkimaru is convinced by Dororo to forget the past and move forward
but Prince initiates the fight
Hyakkimaru's conscience and kindness are holding him back
from killing any of the royal troops
on the contrary, unwavering in his resolution to slain Hyakkimaru, Prince does not relent
as such, Prince has killed his own soldier by mistake
Hyakkimaru intends to reconcile with Prince, but Prince only wants to end his life
in his attempt at self-defense
Hyakkimaru accidentally leaves his blade stuck in Prince's throat
when Queen finally arrives, Prince drops dead to the ground
plunged into grief for the death of her younger son
Queen plans to take Hyakkimaru's life for life
but she cannot bear the loss of two sons on the same day
before long, King also storms to the battlefield
reading her husband's mind, Queen stops King from acting foolishly
because Hyakkimaru is their only remaining son now
however, King shuts his ear to Queen's plea and puts her to death right away
King's brutal murder makes Hyakkimaru's blood boiling
with the dying wish to avenge his mother, Hyakkimaru charges at his father in a fury
even when Dororo tries to hold him back, she is knocked straight out
unleashing their wrath towards one another, the battle between the father and son starts
over the years, Hyakkimaru has picked up many martial art skills
so King is no match for such a samurai
but right then, Hyakkimaru doesn't have the heart to slaughter his own father
at the same time, the devil comes to promise King that he will revive Prince
as long as King surrenders his body and his territory
Hyakkimaru is firmly against such an evil plan
for it will cause tremendous sufferings for the world
despite Hyakkimaru's warning, King takes the deal
as a result, the dead Prince is resurrected
while King is inhabited by the devil
who conspires to release more demons to destroy the world
however, the devil does not expect the King to trick him inside his body
realizing that his sins have piled up to heaven
King wants to repay his people by exterminating the devil
then King pushes the sword through his own belly
struggling to suppress the devil within himself
he then asks Hyakkimaru to annihilate him
King's sacrifice creates the only chance to liquidate the devil
if the devil does not die, the world will never be at peace
for the best interest of the majority
Hyakkimaru reluctantly destroys King and the devil together
after the King's death, Prince has succeeded to the throne
Prince offers to make Hyakkimaru King for he is lacking in many ways
but Hyakkimaru rejects him
Hyakkimaru has never aspired to be a ruler and he knows he is not a good fit
his dream now is to eliminate the demon ghouls
and reclaim all his lost parts with Dororo
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye